User Experience

There are two different users for the app, Attendees and Dealers and Show Organizer which is only available with MVP Dealer (described below)

Attendees use the app for free
Navigation starts at the opening of the app, with either a registration page just asking for their email and password and allowing the app to save their password so going forward they never have to login again because its stored for them. From that registration page they will be presented with a personalization page where the software should store their First name and zip code along with any categories of cards they are interested in and additional navigation preferences. The system should save this info and use it to personalize the experience for the Attendee. It should take them to the home page where by default it shows them upcoming card shows, within a 25 mile radius in the next 30 days so they can see upcoming shows and add them as favorites that would then allow them to get updates on the upcoming shows. They also will have the map view to allow them to look on a map view the same information, but with pins on the map that are clickable that tells the user the name of the show, the date and times and cost. By default the map also shows within a 25 mile radius in the next 30 days. There should also be a “My Collection” page for the user to be able to upload pictures of cards they want to show off, another section for them to list what they are looking for at upcoming shows (This information can be also seen by dealers that are setting up at a show the attendee has favorited as planning to attend) and anything they are looking to sell to others (again, available to dealers) Attendees can also message any of the vendors (but vendors can only respond with a “MVP Dealer” plan) On the My Profile page it should have the persons previously saved preferences saved and it should also build a list of all the card shows they have attended and in a future release we will develop a badge system to reward attendees for their 1st show attended, 5th show attended, 10th show attended, etc. The user can also leave reviews on previously attended shows and give the show a rating from 1-5 (5 being great, and 1 being horrible) and then also the ability to add up to 150 words on their show experience

Dealers can also sign up for an account for free and have access to all the features Attendees have. They also have the ability to upgrade their account to an MVP Dealer for a monthly cost. This is an account that gives them access to be listed as one of the vendors at the card shows they plan on setting up at, which in turn allows attendees to see the vendor in advance of the show and interact with them to potentially make deals ahead of the show. The Vendor can select from the list of card categories choices, the type of cards they will be setting up at the show so attendees can plan their card show visit better and know how to find them. The MVP Dealer can also receive messages from attendees and interact with them for potential deals outside of the show. 

A Dealer can also potentially be a promoter in addition to being a dealer, meaning they run a card show and they want people to know about it. They would pay to upgrade their account to a Show Organizer that again gives them access to all features the Attendees and MVP Dealers have but also gives them the ability to “claim” ownership of a particular card show as the Show Organizer so they can share their name and phone number on the upcoming card shows so people can inquire about setting up there. They also can respond to Attendee’ reviews and they can send 1 message in advance of the show to all attendees or dealers, or both a message about the show.
